geekforgeeks
leetcode
hackerrank

Parenthesis matching
Longest substring
Given a sorted circularly linked list of Nodes that store integers and a new Node, insert the new Node into the correct position
Given an array of unique integers, return a pair of integers that sum up to a target sum.  
Given an ArrayList of Nodes, with each Node having an ID and a parent ID, determine whether the List is given in preorder.  
How many times will a robot need to retrieve bins if it is given an array of bin ID's and it can only hold N bins at a time? When the robot is already holding N bins, it will return the least recently retrieved bin and store the new bin.  
 1. reverse a string 2. judge whether two strings are permulation 3 find all permutation of a string
 Write breadth-first search in a matrix
 Division without divide operator  
 find-all-anagrams-in-a-string
 find common ancestor for a n-ary tree
 reverse a linked list
 find a pattern 'p' in a string 's' 
 Priority queues and how you implement it
 Stacks
 Tree Traversal
 Discuss runtime tradeoffs for getting an item at a specific location if the container object is an array vs. a Linked List vs. a Hash Table
 Given a list of weighted edges between nodes, find the minimum cost spanning tree 
 Given the upper left and lower right coordinates of two rectangles, determine if they overlap  
 A question on arrays. It needed Binary Search algorithm.
 Rotation of matrix by 90 degrees and smallest sum in Binary Tree.  
.construct a BST 
writing a program to tell if a binary tree is a symmetric tree
Rotate a matrix and reverse the second half linked list
fizz buzz and variations on it.
Implementing queue with stack.
finding intersection of 2 lists.
Optimization on all 3
Find the longest palindromic substring.
- Return the k-closest points to the center of a cartesian plane given an array of coordinates.
- Create and return a deep copy of a singly linked list where each node also has an additional pointer to a random node in the list
Given an input stream of strings, find the most frequent string.  
Write a function that returns true if a string of parentheses is balanced or not, such as "(())()", which would return true
Write a function that rotates a 2-dimensional array clockwise or counter clockwise 90 degrees depending on a given parameter, which I believe was either -1 or 1, which told you which way to rotate it. You are given the 2D array as a parameter as well
Given a sorted array of integers in increasing order (can contain duplicates), return the last index of a specified target integer, or return -1 otherwise. Thus 1, 2, 2, 3, 4 and the target is 2, the function should return 2
The final question was given a binary tree, find the max height of the tree.
Given an origin (assumed to be 0,0) and a set of points around the origin, return k points in ascending order of distance from the origin

Given a graph of possible electricity connections (each with their own cost) between cities in an area, you are asked to find the cheapest way to supply power to all cities in the area. This is simply a way of asking you to construct a minimum spanning tree from a well-connected graph
Design a program equivalent to Microsoft Paint. This contains shapes, print/load/save functionality, etc.(oop
Design a function that reverses the second half of a singly-linked list
Lowest Common Ancestor in a Binary Search Tree
 for a string with '(' find the count of complete '()' ones, '(()))" does not count, if does not have full brackets, return -1
 Rotate a matrix 90 degrees a certain direction based on the flag
 Make a min tree from a sorted array
2) Two Sum 
Longest Palindromic Substring
Find all print all possible combinations of given digits  

How to detect overlapping area for two rectangles  

Efficiently produce all permutations of a string  

Use Array to implement heap + LC101 Symmetric Tree
List down the paths in a binary tree that sum up to the given sum (coding question)  

Programming: Rotate a matrix.  

Given an array of integers, check if an element exists twice in the list, using an efficient data structure and algorithm. Also compute Time and Space complexity.  
Merge two binary search trees in O(1) space. 
Write the code to find the least common ancestor of two nodes in a Binary tree.  

Design a function that finds a tree path with the lowest total value.
 find the subarray with the largest sum.  news